hey guys it's Kayla back with another
video so the topic of today's video is
being yourself being yourself can be
hard and it's like aren't I always being
myself
and yeah for sure but being yourself is
like not changing yourself to impress
someone else a lot of people I call me
quiet or shy or whatever
but I'm not quite it most quiet Kayla
day I don't talk a lot at school but if
people talk to me and stuff they'd find
out that I'm like really funny and cool
and talking by the way I like your shirt
a lot it's like so cool
[Music]
we can make great huh I said one more
week of eighth-grade right yeah that's
crazy yeah uh-huh okay
so growing up can be a little bit scary
and weird we will begin to explore these
changing bodies of yours it's gonna be
men always make sure to share it and
subscribe to my channel duty I think
you're so cool
maybe you just need to put yourself out
there look I'm gonna stop you say one
thing I'm really like nervous all the
time try really hard not to feel that
way but you just need to face your fears
black people know they're really
[Music]
it's just grabbing my phone how to
charge it yeah I mean he sometimes I
charged it too but my phone I just
because things are happening right now
doesn't mean they're always cannot
happen it wasn't there just sort of my
hopes and dreams right I was a complete
bathroom when I was your age
really eighth grade is don't work you
never know what's next and that's what
makes things exciting scary
and fun
when did you get that shot we're good
this is great this is great
[Music]